♪
[HIROTO] 30 minutes
since I accepted the game.
While not long,
it's been time enough
to call someone over,
and to secure my connection
with Kagaya
against nasty surprises.
-[phone ringing]
-Hm?
Yoo-hoo! Can you see me?
[HIROTO] The game
Akizuki challenged me to
is Tabletop Treasure Hunt.
[NOA]
It's your cute friend, Noa.
Did you miss me? [giggles]
[HIROTO]
I can't win. I can't lose.
And this time, a draw's
clearly not in the cards.
I've been backed into a corner.
What's worse is I don't even
understand the rules.
Oh? Ignoring me, huh?
Well, have it your way.
I'll ask a "Question" then.
Is your partner hiding somewhere
on or below the third floor?
[HIROTO]
A question?
[scoffs] Yeah, you know,
Hiro, a question.
It's a command
you can use once per turn.
You get to ask your opponent
a simple yes-or-no question.
Word of advice,
you better not lie.
It's an instant forfeit,
so be honest.
[HIROTO]
In that case,
since my partner
isn't on any of those floors,
the answer is no.
Okay!
Then, now we enter
the "Move" phase.
This is another command
you can use once every turn.
It lets you move
up to three spaces.
[HIROTO]
Spaces?
I see.
So each room in the building
counts as a space.
[NOA]
You can change floors
by taking the stairs
on either side, too.
[HIROTO] So, Akizuki and I are
in the hall by Home Economics,
and our respective partners
have been concealed
in rooms unbeknownst to us.
What's more, each room has
an electronic lock,
requiring some kind of command
to open.
Because, of course, they do.
[NOA]
Since you're new to this,
I think I'll go easy on you
just this once.
I'll move one space
over to the right,
and end my turn there.
Okay, I'm up.
[NOA]
You seriously fell for that?
-[Noa giggles]
-[HIROTO] Huh?
Sorry. Girls and their secrets,
you know?
My first ability
is actually "Double Action",
which allows me to take
two whole turns in a row.
-So here's another question.
-[phone pings]
Is your partner
instead hiding somewhere
on or above the fifth floor?
What kind of ass-pull ability
is that?
Hey,
this is totally on the level.
I just tweaked
a couple conditions is all.
[HIROTO]
Uh. No.
[NOA]
Hurray.
Now I know she's up
on the fourth floor, don't I?
I think
I'll shuffle one space right
and call it good.
I really want to see you squirm,
Hiroto,
so I'm going to take this
nice and slow.
[giggles]
[Hiroto sighs]
[horn blaring]
Oh, that's right.
Good.
Hey, it's me.
[Hiroto chuckles]
[HIROTO]
Looking fly, Saionji.
[laughs] Perfect disguise, huh?
[HIROTO]
Thanks for this.
If you hadn't come to help out,
this game would've been over
before I even accepted it.
Hey, it's no big deal.
After all, if you go down,
I go down with you.
[HIROTO]
Hope you're comfy.
I think you're going to be
locked in there for a while.
That's fine by me.
But I certainly wouldn't say no
to a little more wiggle room,
or a nice warm cozy blanket.
[HIROTO] Yeah,
these cold April nights, huh?
Sorry, try to hang in there.
I'll be fine,
just hurry up and win this.
Let's get Yuki out of here,
quick.
Right,
then let's recap the rules.
To win, you have to find
the "treasure"
that's been hidden
by your opponent.
[SARASA]
The "treasure" is your partner.
So naturally for you, that's me,
and for the Devil Girl,
it's Yuki.
[HIROTO]
The field of play for this game
is Eimei's largest building.
Building A.
[SARASA] Spaces correspond
to rooms on each floor,
as represented
by this six-by-eight grid map.
There are four commands
you can use during your turn.
The first two are the ones
the Devil Girl showed off.
"Question" and "Move".
[HIROTO]
The third is "Answer",
which you use when you know
where the opponent's partner is.
[SARASA] If you're right,
the game ends then and there.
[HIROTO]
But, in order to use "Answer",
the player has to be standing
in front of the classroom.
Also, each player
has three Answer Points.
[SARASA]
Which, of course,
means you can only afford
to get it wrong twice.
"Retreat"
is the tricky one of the bunch.
It's the command that lets you
move your partner around freely.
[HIROTO]
Yeah.
It resets their position,
allowing them to relocate
to a new space
on the playing grid.
But, it burns up
one Answer Point to use it.
[SARASA] So basically,
those three Answer Points
are the currency of both
your offense and defense.
[HIROTO]
Speaking of defense,
you can move your partner
even if they're located,
but if you do, that's
another Answer Point gone.
[SARASA]
It's no wonder
the Little Devil activated
Double Action on us.
Getting to go twice as fast?
That's a big edge
in a game like this.
She can pressure me
into using my answers up.
Make me waste them all
trying to protect myself.
That "Double Action" ability
of hers
-is way too overpowered!
-[SARASA] Yeah.
I bet it's some illegal exploit
she got
from the guy behind the curtain.
[HIROTO]
Wonderful,
probably means
her other abilities
are going to suck as well.
All right, then.
I think that about does it
for the rules,
so what's the strategy here?
If you win this one,
then Yuki will have to leave
the island,
but if you lose,
it's bye-bye Shinohara.
A tricky situation,
but I'm resourceful.
[SARASA] [gasps]
Wait, does that mean you--
It's not 100% yet.
[exhales] It first struck me
in your game with Kugasaki,
but you're actually
a bona fide genius
when it comes
to thinking up plans
under pressure, aren't you?
Uh-huh. Thank you.
[SARASA] But you know
you're never going to win
if you play fair.
Not against the Devil Girl.
Then,
let it be an eye for an eye
and a cheat for a cheat.
Think you can beat us
at playing dirty, do you?
You're going to regret that.
♪
[HIROTO]
Player 2's first turn.
I posed a question to Akizuki
and worked out that Himeji's
on the third floor or below.
Then, I moved three spaces.
-[horn blaring]
-[HIROTO] After that,
Akizuki took
her second real turn.
[phone pinging]
[HIROTO]
With her Double Action,
she narrowed Saionji's position
down to one of two spots,
But only moved two spaces.
[NOA]
Bye-bye now, Hiroto!
[HIROTO] All right,
here goes turn number two.
-[phone ringing]
Hm?
Kagaya. We good?
[KAGAYA]
Nah, it ain't happening.
Noa's been a real killjoy
and used
the Area Barrier ability
on the whole school.
[HIROTO]
[groans] Really?
[KAGAYA]
Mm, but you know,
there is that Device sensor
program I wrote for you
at the start
of the Elimination Battle.
Yeah. Of course.
Since there's no other students
around,
I could use it
to find Himeji, easily!
[KAGAYA]
Actually, no, sorry.
You'd need to connect
to an outside server for that.
Man,
this anti-interference thing
is killing me.
[Hiroto groans]
[HIROTO] But Area Barrier's
an external defense ability.
So we can still use cheats
inside it, right?
[KAGAYA]
Yeah, totes!
Though Academy Island's devices
are pretty high-spec.
You'd need a serious brainiac
other than your bespectacled
big sis there with you
to modify one locally.
[HIROTO]
It's possible then.
You think someone
as smart as Akizuki
could pull off
some tech-tampering like that?
[KAGAYA]
Maybe.
The specs
for the modded programs
are living rent-free
in my grey matter,
but without an operator
to give them to,
they're not going to do us
much good.
[HIROTO]
True.
But you're forgetting one thing,
Kagaya.
I happen to have a genius
beyond even Akizuki's level
with me.
Huh?
-[phone pings]
-[Sarasa sighs]
Second floor,
fourth space from the right.
That's the classroom
she's been hiding Yuki in.
[KAGAYA]
Hoodie Girl for the win!
24-hour job in ten minutes!
Chills, man. Literal chills!
Ah, just let me be you, girl!
[HIROTO]
Thank you! Thank you!
[NOA]
Time's almost up, Hiroto.
I'm getting kind of tired
waiting here.
Okay, then, Akizuki,
here's a question.
Oh, how exciting.
[HIROTO]
The room you hid Himeji in is...
Classroom 1-K, right?
-[gasps]
-[phone pings]
[NOA]
That would be a "yes".
Hey, Hiroto,
are you cheating again?
Now how could I do that?
I got all tangled up
in your trap
without even the mercy
of a single decent ability,
-didn't I?
-Yeah! But still!
[HIROTO]
Time to move.
Oh, look,
I'm only two spots away
from 1-K.
That's like basically check.
Your degeneracy knows no bounds,
-does it?
-[horn blares]
[NOA] Guess I'll have to stop
going easy on you.
Question time.
You're partner's hiding
in Classroom 2-I, yeah?
Well? She's there, right?
[HIROTO]
[sighs] Yes.
There, see?
You're not the only one who's
good at guessing, are you?
And I'll move six spaces
in one go.
[grunts]
She instantly turned it around.
[NOA] Next, I'll use up
one of my Answer Points
to make our glum maid friend
move her frilly butt
to a different room.
Boo-hoo, so close.
[giggles]
Ah! Shinohara, we've just lost
Yuki's Device signal.
Yeah.
She probably suspected
we were cheating
and blocked it out.
But it made Akizuki use up
one of her precious few
Answer Points.
Not a bad outcome in my book.
-[SHIRAYUKI] Master Shinohara?
-Ah?
Please forgive me.
As I'm sure you've noticed,
I had to cut off access
to my Device.
Yeah, kind of figured as much.
Is it okay for us to be talking?
[SHIRAYUKI] Yes,
so long as I'm not revealing
anything disadvantageous
to Miss Akizuki,
it's permissible.
[HIROTO] Well, I guess you do
have to move around on foot,
after all.
[SHIRAYUKI]
It would be convenient
if I could simply warp
from room to room.
But, as I can't,
I've been given
a frustratingly convoluted route
to throw you off.
Traipsing
up and down all these stairs,
it's tiring work.
Just try not to push yourself
too hard.
Ah...
Forecast says it's going to get
real cold tonight after 10 p.m.
Might want
to keep the room warm,
so you don't catch a cold.
That's very considerate, Master.
Thank you.
Ah!
Excuse me, I must be going.
[HIROTO]
Already past 8:00, huh?
Himeji's not done moving yet,
which means Akizuki's
still on her third turn,
so I guess we're going to be
stuck on hold a while.
The Devil Girl's lost
one Answer Point,
but she's still got two left.
We just lost our Device sensor,
and we can't rely on questions
to narrow it down.
It'd take way too much time.
Yeah, right.
In a situation like this,
I'd normally bank on outwitting
my opponent
with misdirection and deduction.
Any reason we can't do that now?
[HIROTO] Akizuki's seen
through every play I've made
since the All-Campus
Elimination Battle started.
It's the Green Star's effect.
Predict Movement.
[SARASA]
With her skills,
if the Little Devil got a hold
of an ability like that...
[HIROTO]
Yeah, it's not good.
With her level of insight,
she's practically reading
my mind.
Although, she has made
two kind of crucial mistakes.
[SARASA]
Mistakes?
Yeah.
The first was in my Trial
against Himeji,
and the second
actually happened just now,
with you being able
to pinpoint her location.
You're right.
[HIROTO] I'm trying
to figure out what was different
about those ploys in particular.
Someone else's ideas
were mixed in with them.
-They weren't my plans alone.
-[SARASA] So what?
You think
the Little Devil's restricted
to only reading your thoughts,
Shinohara?
I'm saying that if she is,
then it's something to use.
I mean, it follows
that she'd place Himeji
somewhere she believes
I wouldn't think to look,
but then...
She's failing
to account for what I think.
[horn blares]
[HIROTO] After moving
to the fourth floor,
I activated "Retreat".
I'm using up an Answer Point
to move my partner.
And now, a "Question".
Is Himeji
in Classrooms 3-E, 3-J, or 3-L?
[NOA]
Yes.
But there's no way. How'd you...
How'd you know?
I fixed it so there couldn't be
any outside interference
or tricks.
How could you figure that out
on the first try?
[HIROTO]
She's got a point.
Saionji's scarily good at this.
Okay, so right now, you're
in front of Classroom 1-M,
which means we can rule out
the second floor,
and logically the first one too.
[HIROTO]
Huh? Why the first floor?
It's a bad move.
If she was on the first floor,
you could find her
with one question.
The Little Devil's not going
to take a risk like that,
so we can eliminate
the fourth floor too.
[HIROTO] Ah, I see,
'cause you're there, right?
[SARASA] You've seen
how meticulous she is
when it comes to details.
No doubt she considered
that if she moved Himeji
to this floor,
I would hear it,
and pass the info on to you.
In that case,
we can discount the third floor
and the left side of the fifth.
Huh. Correct.
The right-hand side
of the third floor is above you,
while the left side's below me,
and I've got the left side
of the fifth floor
just overhead.
[HIROTO]
All right.
So with the spaces still
on the fifth floor,
and all of the sixth.
Twelve left.
Nope. We can narrow it down
even further.
In a game like this one,
it's good strategy to make sure
your opponent's
always one space shy
of their objective.
Meaning, she's likely hidden
in a classroom
that's three plus one spaces
away from you.
The music room
on the fifth floor is too close,
so that's out.
Leaving us with three choices.
A magician never reveals
his secrets, you know?
-[NOA] Fine, then. Whatever.
-Huh?
If the logical approach
doesn't work against you,
then I'll just make
the last hiding spot random.
[HIROTO]
What? Random?
Don't tell me
you've gotten that desperate?
-Oh, that's not it at all.
-[horn blares]
Don't confuse designed mayhem
for a desperate mess, Hiroto.
[HIROTO] That's when Akizuki
took her fourth turn.
Asking two questions,
she was able to work out
that Saionji's new hiding spot
was somewhere
on the second floor.
-[phone pings]
-[horn blares]
Talk about a disaster.
Randomness.
It completely strikes
tactical interplay
from the equation.
[HIROTO]
Yeah.
That was honestly
the most detrimental move
she could have made.
[SARASA]
Hey, Shinohara.
Is it still doable?
[HIROTO]
Is what "still doable"?
[SARASA] Like, is there really
any way you can still find Yuki?
Gotcha,
that's what you were getting at.
Don't worry about it,
I've already got a backup plan
lined up.
Huh? A backup plan?
You mean you've seriously got
a way to find Yuki?
[HIROTO]
Yup. It was my third option.
In case the exploits
and Green Star subversion
came to nothing.
Ending the game's no biggie.
I've got that part figured out.
Oh...
[HIROTO]
Honestly, it's what comes after
that still has me thinking.
Like,
what's the best "win" state
for a situation like thi--
Huh? What?
I'm just a little surprised
is all.
It's hard to believe you've
already thought something up.
[HIROTO]
Don't be too impressed,
there's still room
for things to go wrong.
Take, for instance,
Akizuki's list
of known abilities.
[SARASA]
We only know two.
Double Action and Area Barrier.
[HIROTO]
Hey, Saionji,
do me a favor
and check the time.
[SARASA]
Huh?
Looks like it's currently 8:52,
though
wouldn't it have been quicker
to check that
on your own Device?
Yeah,
but I wanted you to see it, too.
Time will be a factor.
For the next few turns,
I intend to stretch things
out as much as I can
until Akizuki and I use
our second Answer Points
and the data resets.
[SARASA]
And that'll achieve what?
Actually,
if I can pull that off,
we should instantly be able
to find out
where Himeji's hiding.
[phone pings]
[HIROTO]
So I carried on,
dragging things out,
waiting
until the very last second
to end my turns.
When Akizuki was up,
I'd make small talk
to prolong hers, as well.
[phone pinging]
[HIROTO]
We called "check" on each other,
and by the fifth turn,
both of us had used
our second "Retreat".
Now, we each had
one Answer Point left.
[NOA]
[giggles] Nicely done, Hiroto.
I never thought
that you'd be such a match
for me on my A-Game.
I'm all giddy,
we might really be made
for each other after all.
It's been a while
since I received a compliment
as insincere as that.
Huh? I mean it.
In another time, another place,
things could have been
so different.
[laughs] Unfortunately,
in the here and now,
we're enemies.
Yeah, but this war of ours
is just about over.
Really? All right.
Go ahead and end this
if you can, Mr. Confident.
[HIROTO]
Be careful what you wish for.
-[NOA] Huh?
-Ah.
[HIROTO]
Before this turn is over,
I'm going to know
Himeji's location.
[NOA] [laughs] Yeah,
that's not going to happen.
You're just relying
on blind luck at this point.
[HIROTO] [laughs]
If that's what you think,
then shut up and watch.
[HIROTO]
Please. Notice it.
Hm...
[gasps]
Hm.
So, that's it.
Thank you.
Classroom 3-G.
That's the place you're hiding
Himeji now, isn't it?
[gasps]
By the way,
that isn't a "Question",
because I already know
the answer is yes.
And since I'm close,
I can go and assert that
this turn.
Going random backfired.
No way. How did you know that?
-How could you?
-[HIROTO] Earlier,
when Himeji and I
briefly passed each other
in the hallway,
I also passed
a little message on to her.
[NOA] A message?
I didn't hear you say anything.
[HIROTO]
Oh, I definitely did.
I told her it was supposed
to get chilly tonight
after 10 p.m.
and to the warm the room
to avoid getting cold.
"Warm the room
to avoid getting cold"?
[gasps]
The AC!
[HIROTO]
Yup.
I basically told her to crank up
the thermostat at ten
to tip me off to her location.
[gasps] But, the sound
of the air-conditioning going
doesn't even carry that far!
[HIROTO]
No, it doesn't.
However, in most schools,
AC use can reliably be monitored
from the staff room.
[NOA]
Wait, you don't mean...
The place
I've been hiding my partner
is down in the staff room.
Looks like it's game over.
My answer...
Noa Akizuki's partner, Himeji,
is right here!
[lock clicks]
[door sliding]
[bell ringing]
I've been waiting for you.
Welcome, Master.
Yeah, sorry to keep you waiting.
-[Noa chuckles]
-Ah.
[laughs] Sorry. I win, Hiroto.
What?
You heard.
All this time,
I've just been waiting for you
to finally use up
your third Answer Point.
Here goes.
Alter Fate ability, activated.
Strike Hiroto's final answer
from history!
-[Shirayuki, Hiroto gasp]
-[alarm blaring]
"Alter Fate"?
Did she just completely erase
my answer?
[giggles]
You have no idea
how long I've waited
to see that miserable look
upon your face.
[horn blares]
[HIROTO]
Himeji!
Ah!
[NOA]
[snickers] Here I am.
And now, it's time
to end this game for real.
Answer. Hiroto's partner
is hiding inside this room.
[door sliding]
[bell ringing]
[snickers]
So you're Hiroto's partner, huh?
[giggles]
It's so nice to meet you!
That's right.
You've never seen me dressed up
like this before, have you?
Wait, you're a girl?
Bingo.
You and I have
actually crossed paths
a bunch of times.
Though,
if you don't mind me saying,
I never really took you
for the reckless,
foaming-at-the-mouth
revenge type.
[NOA]
Why you...
[grunts] Huh?
So, is my face
ringing any bells now?
[NOA]
The Empress, Sarasa Saionji?
But why are you here?
Let's call it
academic curiosity.
This sounded fun, so I figured
I should have a look-see.
But I needn't have bothered.
Turns out that you were too weak
to beat that smug jerk
after all.
What are you saying?
Do you have any idea
what just happened here?
I made a deal with the Devil,
stole the Green Star,
beat the Seven Star,
subverted the system
of this institution,
became the strongest person
on the island,
and you call me weak?
[SARASA]
Nobody's denying the fact
that you won
the Tabletop Treasure Hunt.
But I think you might want
to double-check who it is
you actually defeated.
[HIROTO]
Yup, that's how it is, Akizuki.
Unfortunately for you,
it wasn't me who lost the game.
[NOA]
But that's not possible!
[HIROTO]
Oh, it is.
I had a surprise ability
of my own.
Goes by the name "Pinch Hitter".
[NOA]
"Pinch Hitter"?
You probably
haven't heard of it.
It's a special ability
that rarely sees much use.
[SARASA]
Pinch Hitter can be executed
from outside the confines
of an active game.
And if it gets approval,
the user is permitted to sub in
for the player
of their choosing.
So, while you were making
your way down here,
I used it
to take my Master's place.
There, see?
The player you just beat
wasn't me,
it was Himeji.
I'll say that again.
You took out Himeji.
Which wasn't exactly
a wise thing to do.
[NOA]
Huh?
[HIROTO]
[laughs] Catching on yet?
Remember the abilities
you activated?
Your Spying
and Destructive Impulse?
Like a parasite jumping host,
they were designed to transfer
over to the winner's Device
in the event
that I ever lost a game.
[HIROTO]
Naturally, with this result,
they transferred
from Himeji's Device to yours.
And so any hold you still had
over her has been severed.
[strap rips]
[gasps]
[thuds]
In the end,
I didn't lose the game.
And your cursed abilities
have infected you instead.
There really couldn't have been
a more perfect outcome,
could there?
Well?
Are you finally ready to tell us
how this whole mess came about,
Akizuki?
[NOA] This
was the most important thing
in the world to me.
Precious.
I haven't breathed a word of it
to anyone.
[NOA] But there's no sense
holding back now.
After all, this may be
the last chance I get.
Last chance?
I actually am kind of smart,
you know.
I got an incredible score
on my first intellectual
development test.
One of the best ever, they said.
I was even headhunted
for grade school
here on the island.
I'd say that qualifies
as more than "kind of smart".
Although, it's pretty much
only the most elite candidates
that get accepted
into grade school here.
You see, intelligence and talent
aren't enough.
You need to be
from a good family lineage.
There was zero chance
a normal girl like me
was ever going to fit
into a pack that pedigreed.
Even though I tried,
I could never stave off
the feelings of inadequacy.
I thought that if I could
just stop being normal,
that if I could be someone
exceptional instead,
I'd belong.
So, I worked as hard
as I possibly could.
I made it into the top class
in my first year.
And in my second,
I became a Five Star.
Suddenly,
they were saying it'd be me
who'd win the All-Campus
Elimination Battle,
and become Eimei's ace!
Me!
And I wanted it so badly
I could cry.
At last, something to show
for all the effort I'd put in.
Something to show
that I was special.
But you took that away from me,
Hiroto.
All of it.
You destroyed me in an instant.
[HIROTO]
So then, is that why you went
and made a deal
with this "devil" guy?
[NOA] The Devil's name
is Mikado Kurahashi.
Headmaster of District Twelve's
Seiji Academy.
He told me to cheat.
To do whatever I could
to steal Stars from you.
He said if I pulled it off,
he'd make all of my dreams
come true!
I was so, so scared.
[sniffles] Everything
was falling apart on me
right when it should have been
coming together.
Didn't you ever think
of standing up to him?
This Kurahashi guy.
[NOA]
How could I do that?
I can't stand up
to a monster like him!
I can't do anything.
You'd be best off
just forgetting about me.
This is probably the last day
I'll ever get
to go to school here,
the last time I'll ever see you.
I know it's not much,
but I'm truly sorry
for everything I've done to you,
all of it.
[HIROTO]
No way, not like this!
And just who said
you could give up, Akizuki?
But I can't.
There's nothing I can do
to fix it!
I mean who in their right mind
could have taken on that devil?
[HIROTO]
Heh. Yeah, that's your problem.
Too busy looking down
to see the answer
right in front of you.
♪
Did you forget?
I'm the strongest on the Island.
[gasps]
[HIROTO] District Twelve
headmaster or not,
it doesn't matter.
A loser like that...
-is no match for me.
-[gasps]
Hiroto?
[HIROTO]
Dry your eyes.
Whatever the game may be,
I'll win it.
All you need to know
is you've been saved.